Classy Homes Interiors: Your Premier Interior Designer
Welcome to ClassyHome Interior.
Bought a new home and want to decorate it to reflect your personality or  looking for professional help to shed some light on your outdated Interior and turn it into that place you enjoy spending time in. We are here for you. Just place an enquiry and we will get back to you.


Get to Know Me
Ashwini Savergaonkar, Founder - Classy Home
Times are constantly changing, and it’s important to stay up-to-date with the latest trends and designs — especially when it comes to your residential or commercial space. Since 2005, I brought my passion for art and interior design to life, and since then I’ve been transforming homes and office spaces in a way that aligns with my clients’ taste and vision. I’m happy to help you create the design you have always wanted. If you’re interested in learning more about my services, call today to book a consultation!

Lighting Design Consultation
Everyone knows how important your space is to your general wellbeing, so why not add a touch of flair to your life? With some nice shades, a well-planned Lighting Design Consultation, and some nice functional features, you can brighten up your space and give it a bit of personality. Bring out the new you through your space! Call me today and see what I can do for you!


Pre-Construction Consultation
A lot of people underestimate the importance of well thought out Pre-Construction Consultation and the impact it can have on their space. Since 2005, I’ve been designing spaces in a wide range of different fields and areas, and work together with my clients to create the designs that are most suitable to their specific needs. Contact me today and book a consultation.


“Choose what is best, and habit will make it pleasant and easy”
ClassyHome Interiors

Contact us
Pune, Maharashtra, India

interiorclassyhome@gmail.com

+919850173455


2nd page
Meeting
Understanding the customer's needs, requirements, taste, lifestyle and budget


Market Visit
We provide all support from material selection to accessory purchase as per client requirements


Continued Support
For our esteemed clients, we continue providing support even after handover (Terms and conditions apply)

Space planning
Site measurements for 2D layout drawings.

Concept boards

3D Designs


Execution
Periodic audits on site to ensure quality and timelines.

Work reports every Friday

Adequate measures to sort out any problems at the earliest

Estimate
Final cost estimation

Discussion of the entire project flow and it's timelines


Handover
Audit and a checklist is prepared.

Client suggestions are considered.

Final touch ups

Handover

page 3

Testimonials
Thoughts of our happy clients
Thanks a lot for your for your beautiful creation for us ! Beautiful work done!

The points I would like to highlight are:

very good space utilization and good balance of aesthetics ! 

Mr. & Mrs. Dosi
Ashwini, our flat now looks absolutely stunning and amazing. Thanks to you and your team!👍👍👍👍

Mr. Mistry
Amazing designer, creative professional. . Dynamic personality..

Congratulations Ashwini Savergaonkar and Best wishes for next glorious decade...

Mr. & Mrs. Pangarkar
Ash !!!!! Your work is indeed awesome !!! Wishing u many more such milestones dear !

Mr. & Mrs. Ramdasi
We witnessed your intelligence to make our small area into a lavish decorated beautiful consulting room....wish you z great success ahead

Mr. & Mrs. Sarsambhi
Ashwini, khup sahii, I have seen your efforts ...u r jus amazing dear....keep it up....and all d very best ...

Mrs. Divekar
Beautiful!! Good work!

Ashwini, I want to decorate my US house as well.. will you do? 😊

Mr. Tashildar
Thank You very much..

Awaiting your presence in House warming party in the evening today  with all your family members..🙏

Mr. & Mrs. Kulkarni
Every one who has visited our place has sincerely appreciated it!

Tysm for making our Abode so warm n peaceful.😍 Ty for highlighting my persona n choice with Ur amazing designs ❤

Mrs. Mistry

ABOUT US 
ClassyHome Interior is a firm established by Ashwini Savergaonkar and we are pleased to introduce ourselves as a team of professionals who can help you in enhancing the beauty of your home.
we Create an asthetically pleasing Interior with perfect balance of utility and trends .

We at ClassyHome always say that The success of the space planning and Interior  designing- decoration depends on how well we have interpreted clients vision to bring it in reality.
At Classy Home , with Patience, listening skills and an eye for design we create asthetically pleasing space that will reflect your personality.
ClassyHome is your one stop solution for interior decoration work.



